Sorry for possible mistakes, English isn't my native language.

A bit of context.
I live alone in a two-story house. On the ground floor I keep terrariums for 5 spiders (3 of which are poisonous) and 2 snakes. I would gladly take them to the second floor, but there is less space and the heating system does not heat it enough. I would put heaters there, but then there will be absolutely no space left. 

And now the story itself.
Almost every year we have a family picnic (pool, burgers, nothing unusual). This year it was my turn to receive guests. I arranged everything, freed up space in the backyard and installed a grill. The next day, when all the guests arrived, I told everyone about the pets in my house, so that no one would let their children run away. Everything went well: I, with my father and his brother fried burgers and sausages, children with their mothers played in the pool. Suddenly everyone heard glass shattering and screaming. Everyone ran into the house (with me at the head, rushing like an antelope) and saw the terrarium smashed to smithereens, my aunt's son sitting on the ass and aching, and my second most poisonous spider crawling around. Already at the level of reflexes, I grabbed an emergency mug to catch a spider while the child was taken out of the house. As soon as I caught him and left the house, a flurry of insults from my aunt poured on me.
A:Why the fuck you'r boxes(yes) are so fragile!?

Me: Maybe because you'r fucking son throw it off the table!!?

A:If you'r spider bits him you paying for the treatment!!

Me: And what the hell did he do there !? I kind of clearly said to keep children out of the house!

А: I let him go look at them. They were all in terrariums, weren't they? 

At this point, the child was checked for bites. Everything was fine, and her husband separated us and led her away. Meanwhile, I went to remove glass fragments and substrate from the terrarium. I transplanted the spider into a plastic container for food. Then my mother came and apologized for the aunt's behavior and said that her husband would cover the costs of the new terrarium.

In conclusion, my theory of what happened.
All my spider terrariums are glued to the tables at the corners with double-sided tape. It was a rather small terrarium, for the spider was not an adult. When the little shit tried to open the terrarium, unaware of the shutter, applied too much force and simply tore off the tape, after which the terrarium flew to the floor.

Lessons learned from this story: buy more reliable tape, no more family activities near my house.